docs: Docker image versions (#3019)
mealie-recipes/mealie: docs/docs/documentation/getting-started/updating.md

For all setups using Docker the updating process looks something like this

- Stop the container using `docker compose down`

> - Optionally change the version (image tag) specified in your docker-compose file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are not using the latest tag, change the version (image tag) in your docker-compose file
```

I guess something like that would be more precise.
